Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/ssamin225/pen/oNWMQQX?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
HTML markup that reinforces the meaning of specific content.
2. What is HTML used for?
Structuring the content on a webpage
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
attributes control the behavior of an element. It is put in the opening tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tag is used for the title. It is used only once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a tags.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Header.
7. What is an id?
an attribute that assigns an unique name to an element.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
One.
10. What is a class?
an attribute that assigns an non-unique name to an element.
11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
Any amount.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
with the target="_blank" attribute.
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
It displays text if the image fails to display.
15. How do I reference an id?
# followed by id name.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
section is used to group content so that it could appear in an outline. div is used to group any content.
17. What is CSS used for?
Styling.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Element name.
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An id is unique while a class is not. An id may be used for a single element only. A class should be used when used for multiple elements.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
. followed by class name.
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
parent > child it is useful when only selecting child elements but not grandchild elements.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar > a
24. What is a pseudo selector?
a keyword added to a selector using : that specifies a special state of the selected element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body {}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm filename.ext You should be careful with all things in life.
34. Why should I use version control?
So you can view and revert to older versions.
35. How often should I commit to github?
Every 20 minutes or before a major change.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin branch name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
fork -> cd to proper folder -> clone -> cd to project -> branch -> code . -> modify in vs code and save -> add -> commit -> push -> pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 